When it comes to interpreting a users' needs, I tend to look at their goals aside from their preferences. The goals represent the things that they need to do, and preferences are things the user may like, such as color or layout. I try to keep in mind that people are coming to access a service, instead of interacting with a system.

Once I have a good understanding of my users' needs, writing them down  from the users' perspective helps to link the needs to user stories, which will describe the specific features and content that needs to be created for the service. They are more constrained, include additional information like acceptance criteria, complexity and dependencies. This will allow me to track related activities and assess if I am meeting user needs. 

In order to start the process of developing a program, I will need to understand what the problem is that I need to solve. I will adopt a collaborative approach, starting with conducting interviews and/or meetings with entities of interest. I will also have a collaborative approach to development which will help the team rely on each other to achieve the shared goal of maximizing customer value. Agile will further allow us to measure said value by being able to deliver the things our customers want and need, when they want and need them.

Being a good team member starts with being an effective communicator. You want to be able to keep people informed with the least amount of effort. Team members understand what they need to do and why they are doing it. This helps to create open, safe environments where people feel comfortable sharing ideas and concerns. A good team member is a person who is goal-oriented instead of self-oriented. Thinking more about the big picture rather than self-satisfaction. Good teams win or lose together. The best teams have people with varied backgrounds and the strength of character to maintain their own viewpoints and opinions, and know how to compromise.
